1) What is class in java?
 	A class is a group of objects which have common properties. 
 	It is a template or blueprint from which objects are created. It is a logical entity. It can't be physical.
 	
 	A class in Java can contain:
		Fields
		Methods
		Constructors
		Blocks
		Nested class and interface
 
 2) What is Method?
 
 In Java, a method is like a function which is used to expose the behavior of an object.

	Advantage of Method:
		1) Code Reusability
		2) Code Optimization
		
 3) What is Constructor in java?
  
 	In Java, a constructor is a block of codes similar to the method. It is called when an instance of the class is created. 
 	At the time of calling constructor, memory for the object is allocated in the memory.

	It is a special type of method which is used to initialize the object.

	Every time an object is created using the new() keyword, at least one constructor is called.

	It calls a default constructor if there is no constructor available in the class. In such case, 
	Java compiler provides a default constructor by default.
	
	Two types of Constructor:
	 	1. no-arg constructor
	 	2. parameterized constructor

 	Rules for creating Java constructor
	There are two rules defined for the constructor.

			1. Constructor name must be the same as its class name
			2. A Constructor must have no explicit return type
			3. A Java constructor cannot be abstract, static, final, and synchronized
	
 4) what is Inheritance?
 	
 	Inheritance in Java is a mechanism in which one object acquires all the properties and behaviors of a parent object. 
 	It is an important part of OOPs (Object Oriented programming system).

	The idea behind inheritance in Java is that you can create new classes that are built upon existing classes. 
	When you inherit from an existing class, you can reuse methods and fields of the parent class. Moreover, 
	you can add new methods and fields in your current class also.
	
 5) What is this keyword in java?
 	
 	There can be a lot of usage of Java this keyword. In Java, this is a reference variable that refers to the current object.
 	
 	Usage of Java this keyword
 	
 	1) this can be used to refer current class instance variable.
	2) this can be used to invoke current class method (implicitly)
	3) this() can be used to invoke current class constructor.
	4) this can be passed as an argument in the method call.
	5) this can be passed as argument in the constructor call.
	6) this can be used to return the current class instance from the method.
	
 6) Super Keyword in Java
	The super keyword in Java is a reference variable which is used to refer immediate parent class object.

	Whenever you create the instance of subclass, an instance of parent class is created implicitly 
	which is referred by super reference variable.

	Usage of Java super Keyword
	1) super can be used to refer immediate parent class instance variable.
	2) super can be used to invoke immediate parent class method.
	3) super() can be used to invoke immediate parent class constructor.